volley balls shoes


1.The best players on the beach are always one step ahead. When you can read and react to where the game is going, you can be too.

The breakthrough design of the OPTX AVP Tour Replica Volleyball brings a whole new visual approach to the beach. New VST™ (visual spin technology) uses strategic color variance to enhance the human eye’s ability to detect spin on the ball.

A vibrant color palette and Optic Flow graphics allow the ball to be more easily tracked in the diverse environments of beach volleyball, like clouds, sky, sand, water, and crowds.

Using the same construction as the original AVP replica ball, you can expect the same signature Wilson performance. With the OPTX AVP Replica Volleyball, you’ll see the game like never before.

KEY FEATURES
ENHANCED BALL TRACKING: The vibrant color palette and Optic Flow graphics allow for better ball tracking in the dynamic and diverse environments of beach volleyball
SUPERIOR SPIN DETECTION: VST™ uses color variance to allow easier spin detection, so you can read and react to where the game is going
DURABLE CONSTRUCTION: The same hand-crafted construction that Wilson’s AVP volleyball is known for keeps a consistent shape and feel of the ball on every touch
BUILT FOR THE BEACH: The AVP Optx was designed specifically for the beach game and its players, re-imagining what a beach volleyball should look like
AVP OFFICIAL: Wilson is the official volleyball of the AVP tour
SHIPS DEFLATED: This ball is deflated for shipment, and will require inflation before play

SPECIFICATIONS
Ball Cover Construction: Pebbled Composite Leather
Ball Playing Surface: Beach
Ball Size: Official







2.The weekend is here and your comfortable GRID shoe will be by your side on the courts.

Made from comfortable, flexible synthetic leather and breathable mesh materials, the shoe features an EVA midsole for great cushioning.

The HEAD Hybrasion non-marking gum rubber outsole is perfect for all indoor courts. When squash meets weekend, take the GRID and go.

SPECIFICATIONS

UPPER
Breathable mesh upper construction
Synthetic leather materials
Wrapping lacing system
Comfortable lining materials
EVA sockliner

MIDSOLE
EVA midsole for great cushioning

OUTSOLE
Hybrid outsole Profile optimized for different indoor surfaces
HEAD HYBRASION non-marking gum-rubber