golf balls
-------------------
1.The Honma A1 Golf Balls are a perfect ball option for the average golfer looking for long, straight distance.

For golfers who place more importance on direction while seeking flight distance. The "HONMA A1" ball is a two-piece ball that emphasizes direction and responds to the concerns of such golfers.

Structure: 2-piece, ionomer cover

Core: Newly developed super soft core

Dimple: 368 dimples

2.The Honma A1 Golf Balls are a perfect ball option for the average golfer looking for long, straight distance.

For golfers who place more importance on direction while seeking flight distance. The "HONMA A1" ball is a two-piece ball that emphasizes direction and responds to the concerns of such golfers.

Structure: 2-piece, ionomer cover

Core: Newly developed super soft core

Dimple: 368 dimples
3.The TW-X 3-layer golf ball has been redesigned with a new hybrid core for longer distance performance and great feel.

Its new core produces high initial velocity combined with an ionomer layer to optimize the driver's swing for greater mileage performance.

The Honma TW-X golf ball features an improved aerodynamically recessed 326 pattern that helps the ball cut through the air for more consistent long-distance performance.

Plus, the urethane coating provides more spin to give you more precision on the green or better drop control.


4.Inesis Soft 500 Golf Balls designed for intermediate golfers (handicap 15 to 20) looking for a ball that offers a very soft feel which is very soft in all areas of the game.

Why play with a SOFT 500 ball?
For advanced golfers (with handicap between 30 and 15), we bring you the Inesis SOFT 500 ball with an extra-soft touch. It is ideal for players who have progressed in their quality of stroke and are looking for a ball that is pleasant to play in every situation.

KEY FEATURES
Distance: Complies with maximum ball flight distance standards in the rules of the game
Softness: This ball provides a soft feel for superior playing comfort.
Directional control: This ball offers moderate grip on the green.

5.Inesis Soft 500 Golf Balls designed for intermediate golfers (handicap 15 to 20) looking for a ball that offers a very soft feel which is very soft in all areas of the game.

Why play with a SOFT 500 ball?
For advanced golfers (with handicap between 30 and 15), we bring you the Inesis SOFT 500 ball with an extra-soft touch. It is ideal for players who have progressed in their quality of stroke and are looking for a ball that is pleasant to play in every situation.

KEY FEATURES
Distance: Complies with maximum ball flight distance standards in the rules of the game
Softness: This ball provides a soft feel for superior playing comfort.
Directional control: This ball offers moderate grip on the green.
Durability: Surlyn provides the outer shell of the ball with moderate resistance.

6.The Taylormade Distance Plus golf ball has been specifically designed to give more distance in all shots.

Speed enhanced with a high velocity React Speed Core and aerodynamic 344 cover, which offers low spin and less drag to improve your distance performance.

This 2-piece ball has a soft feel and provides a mid ball flight trajectory, and offers mid/high wedge spin for added short game control

KEY FEATURES
More Distance
Low Spin & Drag
REACT™ Speed Core
High Velocity Performance


7.TaylorMade developed Soft Response Golf Ball after surveying thousands of golfers about what they need from a golf ball. It’s designed for the player seeking soft feel without sacrificing distance.

A unique Extended Flight Dimple pattern allows the ball to stay in the air longer at lower spin rates.

The low-compression core gives the ball a super soft feel and performance benefits geared toward moderate swing speed players.The low-compression core gives the ball a super soft feel and performance benefits geared toward moderate swing speed players

Extended Flight Dimple Pattern
A shallower U-shaped dimple promotes decreased drag and increased lift, so the ball stays in the air for longer even at lower spin rates

ZnO Flex Core™
An ultra-low 35 compression Hi-Spring core gives you a softer feel while maximizing energy transfer and rebound at impact, resulting in dominant distance for the average swing speed player.

Ionomer Cover
A soft ionomer cover increases green-side feel, but also achieves improved scuff resistance, shear resistance and overall durability.


Durability: Surlyn provides the outer shell of the ball with moderate resistance.

8.HEROES RETURN

The World’s First and Best Selling Matte Finish Golf Ball

KEY FEATURES
The matte-finish, three-piece vivid high-performance golf balls feature Volvik’s new oversized energy core.
Patented high visibility matte finish in 6 different color options.
New oversized core maximizes distance for players with driver club head speeds of 70-90 mph.
Three piece construction designed to produce lower driver spin & higher wedge spin with a mid-to-high ball flight.
Matte finish ionomer cover with a 322 dimple pattern for a consistent stable ball flight.– Volvik compression rating of 75.

9.THE WORLD’S FIRST EVER MATTE FINISH GOLF BALL

KEY FEATURES
Low Driver Spin, High Launch and More Distance driven by Volvik’s Nano Bi High Energy Resilient Core.
Patented Matte Finish and Vibrant Colors.
Minimized Glare on Ball Surface promotes Concentration and Improved Ball Striking.
Vivid Colors were developed to improve Increased Visibility in Flight and on the Ground.
V•A•S (Volvik Alignment System) Created as a visual key off the tee and on the green.


10."The Ball that changed the Ball" This is what Phil Mickelson said after using the Callaway Chrome Soft Ball. The Ball is designed for Tour Proven performance with exceptional feel.

Fast Ball Speeds
Callaway is the only golf ball company that has the new Dual SoftFast Core™. It’s engineered for fast ball speeds with low spin for players needing spin reduction to optimize their launch conditions off the tee.

Total Performance Through The Bag
The 4-piece construction, mantle layer and Tour Urethane Cover all combine for even more control throughout the bag, especially with your scoring clubs from 100 yards and in. Now you have even more spin for aggressive shots into the green.

Low Compression For Incredibly Soft Feel
The Dual SoftFast Core lets you compress the ball on iron shots for long, straight flight. And it has amazing feel around the greens.