Tennis Racket Strings

1.Introducing RPM Power!

Recommended to intermediate and advanced players with long, fast strokes, this durable monofilament has plenty of comfort for a poly-based string. It also packs slightly more pop than RPM Blast and is great for those who like driving the ball through the court.

KEY FEATURES
Gauge: 16/1.30mm
Length: 40ft/12m
Composition: Co-polymer Monofilament




2.For the player who wants great all around playability, Babolat offers SG SpiralTek. This solid core string is made with a durable polyamide core and is wrapped in a swirl of ultra felxible filaments. The result is a comfortably crisp synthetic gut that offers a nice balance of comfort, power, durability and spin.

KEY FEATURES
Gauge: 16 1.30mm
Length: 40 ft/12m
Construction: Solid core wrapped with filaments


3.Synthetic Gut PPS 16 is a solid core synthetic offering a lively feel. It features a Polyamide 6 wrap for more feel and a pearl polyamide coating for added durability.

SPECIFICATIONS:
Gauge: 16 / 1.34mm
Length: 40 Feet / 12m




4.When you put these strings on your racket, you better already have things under full control. Thanks to the innovative Crystal Core Technology, a manufacturing process that allows to influence each string's individual balance between power and control, the HAWK TOUCH monofilament string features a bigger crystalline inner core responsible for providing ultimate control to your game. Designed for high-level Tour and tournament players, the string's elasticity allows for accurate feedback and exquisite feel so you can follow through with your versatile game and perfectly control every stroke and, ultimately, the game. If high-level control is your game, HAWK TOUCH is your string.

SPECIFICATIONS:
Gauge: 1.25 mm /17 g
Length: 12 m / 40 ft

Disclaimer: Colour may vary from product picture as the item is sourced in mixed batches



5.You bring the power, LYNX provides the control.

Win Win.

The monofilament string is made of a new co-polymer mixture, which helps to provide a lively touch and control to your aggressive game.

Made for tournament and club players, LYNX is extremely durable and comfortable to play.

SPECIFICATIONS
LENGTH: 200 m / 660 ft
GAUGE: 1.25 mm / 17 g



6.The new Lynx is full of control and touch, but at the same time is very lively. It is a great performing and durable polyester string for the aggressive player looking for a premium string.

SPECIFICATIONS:
Construction: Co-polymer Monofilament 
Length: 40 ft 
Gauge: 16 (1.30 mm)
Color: Yellow



7.Designed for the harder hitting intermediate to advanced level player the unique 6-edge design of this co-polyester will provide the ultimate blend of control and spin.

A monofilament made out of a new co-polymer mixture which also increases the durability, whilst being still comfortable to play.

SPECIFICATIONS
GAUGE: 1.3 mm / 16 g




8.Designed for the harder hitting intermediate to advanced level player the unique 6-edge design of this co-polyester will provide the ultimate blend of control and spin.

A monofilament made out of a new co-polymer mixture which also increases the durability, whilst being still comfortable to play.

SPECIFICATIONS
GAUGE: 1.25 mm / 17 g




9.Head introduces a new hybrid string into their string offering known as Primal.

This string is recommended strung in the Head MXG tennis rackets for optimal power with control.

The hybrid combines 8 micro-strands of multi-mono polyester with a full PA multifilament to strengthen the power, control, and spin potential of the MXG frames without losing touch and feel.



10.If you are a Tour or high-level tournament player and spin is your game, don't look further than the REFLEX MLT, HEAD's most comfortable and most premium multifilament string. Thanks to its special 100% nylon multifilament construction the string provides extra control while the unique PU resin delivers a comfortable feeling and is extremely easy on your arm.

A special low friction coating makes sure the strings perfectly re-align after every shot, which helps you to generate spin if you know what you are doing. With its unique material and construction, REFLEX MLT gives you the additional explosiveness you need and brings together all of the benefits of a high-premium multifilament string.

KEY FEATURES
Length: 12m/40 Feet
Gauge: 16g/1.30mm