golf gloves
-------------------------
1.Golf glove with premium leather for extra comfort and grip.

Adequate perforation lets your hand to be dry.

Note: Color of the Logo may mary
2.Kirkland Premium Cabretta Leather Golf Gloves are designed to stay softer longer, give exceptional grip and resists moisture. This leather stays soft around after round while providing exceptional feel and durability. The closure tab provides comfort and a perfect fit.
3.Tigerline Golf superior quality Golf All-Weather synthetic leather golf glove is designed to offer incredible feel and durable performance.

KEY FEATURES
SOFT FEEL: High quality synthetic leather in the entire palm of the glove provides a smooth feel with perspiration resistance.
SECURE CLOSURE: Closure tab comfortably adjusts for a secure, reliable fit and feel.
EASY FIT: High performance synthetic leather material along the back of the hand provides an extraordinary fit.
MOISTURE WICKING: Strategically placed perforations improve breathability along with an elastic cuff that delivers improved fit and comfort.
BREATHABLE MESH: Breathable mesh across the knuckles improves breathability, comfort and flexibility.

4.The best selling Perma Soft Glove from Titleist has been specifically designed for the golfer who requires a premium leather feel with the added benefit of flex durability. The Titleist Perma Soft Glove is made from smooth cabretta leather specially tanned to resist moisture and retain its comfortable fit. The CoolMax mesh panel across the knuckles provides added comfort and support when the golfer's hand flexes.
5.Thanks to its durable component, this Inesis Golf glove provides comfort and good grip.

Focus on your swing and nothing else.

KEY FEATURES
Durability: Product durability has been enhanced by developing a new synthetic material whilst reinforcing it with a leather patch on the area most sensitive to friction.
Stretch: Product comfort was developed by adding elastane to the back of the hand to relieve fabric pressure when taking hold of grip.

SPECIFICATIONS

Coating 100% Polyurethane
Main fabric 100% Polyamide
Back of the hand 100% Polyamide
Yoke 85% Polyamide, 15% Elastane
Patch 100% Leather – Goat

CARE ADVICE
For longer glove life: hand wash with cold water, without soap, lay it out on a flat surface to dry naturally.
6.TSS SuperSoft Golf Glove offers superior quality in synthetic leather for a comfortable feel and robust performance

Easy Fit
High performance synthetic leather material along the back of the hand provides extraordinary fit

Secure Close
Closure tab comfortably adjusts for a secure, reliable fit and feel

Super Soft Feel
High quality synthetic leather in the entire palm of the glove provides a smooth feel with perspiration resistance

Breathable Mesh
Mesh across knuckles improves breathability, comfort and flexibility 